README.md, before:

# globbing-test

## Using this repository for testing
 
There are branches that contains different states that makes compiling successful:

* `master` — fails, it has all of three things that breaks with **Error: write after end**
* `gulp-glob` — passes if only `gulp` globbing is turned off for directories
* `css-glob` — passes if we use `gulp` globbing but not `gulp-css-globbing`
* `mixin-in-scss` — both globbing there but no mixins in imported partials

## Reproducing the error

Testing for globbing problems in gulp-sass and gulp-css-globbing.

After pulling this repository, perform installation:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/macmladen/globbing-test.git
npm install
```

Execute this to get the error:

```
gulp sass
```

It throws

```
$ gulp sass
node-sass	3.3.3	(Wrapper)	[JavaScript]
libsass  	3.2.5	(Sass Compiler)	[C/C++]
[15:06:50] Using gulpfile ~/Sites/globbing-test/gulpfile.js
[15:06:50] Starting 'sass'...
[15:06:50] Finished 'sass' after 18 ms
events.js:141
      throw er; // Unhandled 'error' event
      ^

Error: write after end
    at writeAfterEnd (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:144:12)
    at DestroyableTransform.Writable.write (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:192:5)
    at write (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-css-globbing/node_modules/vinyl-map/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js:623:24)
    at flow (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-css-globbing/node_modules/vinyl-map/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js:632:7)
    at DestroyableTransform.<anonymous> (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-css-globbing/node_modules/vinyl-map/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js:613:7)
    at emitNone (events.js:67:13)
    at DestroyableTransform.emit (events.js:166:7)
    at onwriteDrain (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:300:12)
    at afterWrite (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:288:5)
    at onwrite (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:281:7)
```

This branch is in error

## [The original comment](https://github.com/dlmanning/gulp-sass/issues/274#issuecomment-145564899)

This happens with `gulp-css-globbing` and `gulp.src()` globbing with mixin.

It is introducing problem if some `.scss` file has `@import` of some partial (file starting with underscore like `_helpers.scss`) contains mixins.

If you move mixin to the main `.scss` file it will compile with everything else just the same.

Another solution (and probably the source to the problem) is the globing in `gulp.src()` argument with globbing so it could be that globbings are not playing together well.

This fails

```javascript
gulp.task('sass', function() {
  gulp.src('./sass/**/*.{sass,scss}')
    .pipe(cssGlobbing({
      extensions: ['.css', '.scss']
    }))
    ...
```

while this works

```javascript
gulp.task('sass', function() {
  gulp.src('./sass/main.scss')
```

with everything else exactly the same.

Commit message:

Passes if we use gulp globbing but not gulp-css-globbing.

README.md, after:

# globbing-test

## Using this repository for testing
 
There are branches that contains different states that makes compiling successful:

* `master` — fails, it has all of three things that breaks with **Error: write after end**
* `gulp-glob` — passes if only `gulp` globbing is turned off for directories
* `css-glob` — passes if we use `gulp` globbing but not `gulp-css-globbing`
* `mixin-in-scss` — both globbing there but no mixins in imported partials

## `css-glob`

Passes if we use `gulp` globbing but not `gulp-css-globbing`.

This requires that all files in `main` are declared explicitly. Also `gulp-css-globbing` is removed from `gulpfile`.

Compile with:

```
gulp sass
```

## Reproducing the error

Testing for globbing problems in gulp-sass and gulp-css-globbing.

After pulling this repository, perform installation:

```shell
git clone https://github.com/macmladen/globbing-test.git
npm install
```

Execute this to get the error:

```
gulp sass
```

It throws

```
$ gulp sass
node-sass	3.3.3	(Wrapper)	[JavaScript]
libsass  	3.2.5	(Sass Compiler)	[C/C++]
[15:06:50] Using gulpfile ~/Sites/globbing-test/gulpfile.js
[15:06:50] Starting 'sass'...
[15:06:50] Finished 'sass' after 18 ms
events.js:141
      throw er; // Unhandled 'error' event
      ^

Error: write after end
    at writeAfterEnd (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:144:12)
    at DestroyableTransform.Writable.write (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:192:5)
    at write (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-css-globbing/node_modules/vinyl-map/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js:623:24)
    at flow (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-css-globbing/node_modules/vinyl-map/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js:632:7)
    at DestroyableTransform.<anonymous> (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-css-globbing/node_modules/vinyl-map/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_readable.js:613:7)
    at emitNone (events.js:67:13)
    at DestroyableTransform.emit (events.js:166:7)
    at onwriteDrain (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:300:12)
    at afterWrite (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:288:5)
    at onwrite (/Users/mladen/Sites/globbing-test/node_modules/gulp-sass/node_modules/through2/node_modules/readable-stream/lib/_stream_writable.js:281:7)
```

This branch is in error

## [The original comment](https://github.com/dlmanning/gulp-sass/issues/274#issuecomment-145564899)

This happens with `gulp-css-globbing` and `gulp.src()` globbing with mixin.

It is introducing problem if some `.scss` file has `@import` of some partial (file starting with underscore like `_helpers.scss`) contains mixins.

If you move mixin to the main `.scss` file it will compile with everything else just the same.

Another solution (and probably the source to the problem) is the globing in `gulp.src()` argument with globbing so it could be that globbings are not playing together well.

This fails

```javascript
gulp.task('sass', function() {
  gulp.src('./sass/**/*.{sass,scss}')
    .pipe(cssGlobbing({
      extensions: ['.css', '.scss']
    }))
    ...
```

while this works

```javascript
gulp.task('sass', function() {
  gulp.src('./sass/main.scss')
```

with everything else exactly the same.
